Xiao Qiao, where am I?
This is the Ye family's dinner party
You had Ye Zhen's charm before
I was deceived and brought here by the mind. Ouch
How can I say? I've been feeling so dizzy these two days.
Woof
Ye Zhen, why are you so vicious at such a young age?
To get Ah Jing
Even I dare to do it
Grandma, don't you know what kind of person I am?
You have watched me grow up since I was a child
I don't know what charm he said
Yes, old lady.
This Sucho is just a hero
What he said is not to be believed.
Lin Yueyue
I see your five elements living together and three suns are radiant
I'm afraid your family is going to have a second child.
What are you talking about?
I'm not married, how can I have a second child?
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about your mother.
Your mother is about to give birth to a brother for you
Compete with you for family property
Daughter, your mother is pregnant
You finally have a brother
Ouch, she really got it right.
So to speak
The flattery on Mrs. Shen
The anger is really down on the night
I didn't expect the dignified Ye family daughter
Such a vicious person
Yeah, it's knowing people know their faces but not their hearts
Since everyone is here today
Let me make a statement too
Our granddaughter-in-law of the Shen family
Ah Jing's fiancee has always been Su Qiao alone
Hmph, if anyone dares to fight again in the future
My grandson and granddaughter-in-law's idea
My Shen family will never forgive him
Humph
Joe, go.
We
Let's go to Ye Lao for justice
I see who dares